Ren's old phantom thief codename was "Joker".

Sumire's old phantom thief codename was "Violet".

The Phantom Thieves of Hearts are a now disbanded group of vigilantes who changed the hearts of evil doers.

Ren was the first phantom thief team member.

Sumire was the last phantom thief to join the team.

The phantom thieves consisted of Ren, Morgana, Ryuji, Ann, Yusuke, Makoto, Futaba, Haru, Akechi (he's dead), And Sumire.

Akechi tried to assassinate Ren after the casino heist but was bamboozled.

Akechi died during the Shido palace heist but was brought back by Dr. Maruki to be friends with Ren, only to die again after Maruki's plan failed.

Sumire has mixed feeling for Akechi due to him trying to kill Ren.

Ren still has nightmares about the time Akechi nearly killed him, but being held close by Sumire makes them go away.

Ren has never met Sumire's deceased sister Kasumi.

Ren lived in the attic of a coffee shop called LeBlanc during his year of probation.

During Ren's year of probation Sumire was one of the very few who would hand out with him.

Ren and Sumire first got to know each other by cleaning up litter at a park for a school trip.

Sumire's father produces the television show "Good Morning Japan."

When Sumire went to the Olympics she won a sliver medal in rhythmic gymnastics, and is proud of it.

Ren's cafe, the Velvet Roast, had a very rocky start.

Sumire and Ren lived in an apartment together wile they were dating.

Sumire has text conversations with Ann about the latest romance movies they both enjoy.

Occasionally Dr. Maruki will stop by Ren's coffee shop, the Velvet Roast.

In high school, Sumire took Ren to a school dance.

Sumire runs a small gymnastics school for the disadvantaged.

The Amamiya family is comprised of Ren, Sumire, Kasumi, Akria, Violet, Morgana, and Kuro.

After constant nagging from Kasumi and Akira, Ren and Sumire got them a petdog named Kuro.

During Ren's time as the leader of the phantom thieves in high school, he was on probation for an assault charge he committed.

Sumire leaves little love notes in Ren's bento boxes on occasion.

Sumire's love for stationary and stickers has been fueled my her friend and fellow phantom thief Haru.

Sumire likes bunnies and usually dresses her youngest daughter, Violet, in bunny themed onesies.

Sumire watches tear jerker romance movies and occasionally Ren catches her crying with a pile of snacks with her in front of the TV.

Sumire loves holding hands with Ren.

Sumire has a cabinet in the kitchen just for her gymnastics supplements like, protein powders and vitamins which her kids are not allowed to have, leading to them speculating what's in the cabinet.

Ren has a collection of novelty aprons gifted to him by Sumire which he wears with pride.

Ren reads on quiet days in his coffee shop.

Ren is always up for a trick or sleight of hand to impress his kids.

Sumire collects goo luck charms and her and Ren occasionally swap charms.

Ren and Sumire have a cozy reading/cuddling noo where they often spend evenings once the kids are in bed.

Ren and Sumire have an unspoken rule where Sumire is allowed to take the first bite of Ren's dessert.

Costumers at the Velvet Roast love it when Sumire wears one of Ren's oversized novelty aprons.

Ren and Sumire have an anniversary tradition of "stealing each other's heart" with small crafts, poems, love letters sealed in a red envelope.

Ren still sometimes feels like he has the weight of the world on his shoulders even after all these year, but Sumire holds him closer and whispers reassures to him for comfort.

When Ren is feeling overwhelmed, Sumire whispers the phrase "we're safe, your home, it's over" to him and rests Ren's head on her chest, stroking his hair gently.

Ren and Sumire have been friends for ten years, lovers for nine years, and married for four years.

Sumire occasionally refers to herself as Ren's wifey.

Sumire has a soft spot on her stomach and love when Ren rubs it. Especially on romantic evenings.

Sumire often play with her long crimson hair when nervous or flustered.

